Okay.
So here I am in Chrome and let's test the feature that we've been developing for all these lessons.
So the first thing I'm going to do is to bring up my view dev tools.
So I'm going to open up my panel right here and click on View.
And right here on this dropdown, you can select View X to look at the current state of the View Store.
And as soon as this page loads, of course we should render our job listings component right here,
which should dispatch two actions, one of which is going to fetch the jobs.
The other one which is going to fetch two degrees.
And so here you can see we do have our array of 100 jobs.
And right here, it looks like we are getting and storing via mutation.
We are getting and storing our five degrees from our back in as well.
All right.
And here we have our selected organisations, selected job types and selected degrees arrays.
And they of course have nothing in them because no checkboxes are selected.
So here is the moment of truth.
Here are our organisation check boxes.
They're working as expected.
Here are our job types check boxes.
And finally, let's expand degrees and tada.
Here are our five unique degrees, which of course we get by iterating over the five degrees that we
get from our degrees.
End point.
All right.
So let's try selecting one of these checkboxes and a whole bunch of things, of course, should happen
when we check this.
First up, when we check this, we expect that this selected degrees array will update because we're
going to commit that mutation to the View X Store as soon as this part of the View X Store State updates,
we expect our filter jobs getter to rerun and thus update the jobs right here.
And of course, that filter jobs getter itself is going to be relying on the helper getters that we
wrote to filter an individual job based on whether its degree matches the array of degrees the user
has selected.
So let's try something like bachelors right here.
And we immediately saw that the job on the right hand change.
So everything looks like it's working.
Here's another example.
Let me select bachelors and it looks like it is indeed working.
All right.
Notice as I select these as well, that the number up here, which represents the number of filter jobs
is changing.
And that is another visual indicator we have that we are indeed filtering.
As we select more degrees, the number climbs up because there's more jobs that fulfill that category.
As we select something like bachelors, notice the number goes down because there's less jobs that match
that criteria.
So everything is looking at correct notice here as well that we have three checkboxes for three degrees,
which means our selected degrees array right here has three values and it's the exact three values that
we care about.
Furthermore, if I scroll down, we can take a look and make sure all of our getters are working as
expected.
So here's unique organizations.
That's correct.
Unique job types.
Here is our unique degrees getter.
This is the one that is simply iterating over the API response to get the array that we are iterating
over in our checkbox group component.
This looks correct to me.
And of course, here are the helper getters that we have include job by organization, so on and so
forth, include job by degree.
And of course, these filter jobs getter right here is using those three helper getters to arrive at
the array of 68 filter jobs.
And of course, the 68 right here should make sense.
It's the exact same number that we see right here.
Right.
So it looks like we should have 68 jobs rendered, and indeed we do.
So it looks like on the view side of things, everything is working.
And as soon as I deselect that panel, we can simply click around on some other job types to see the
values on the right hand side update and we can see that as I select them and deselect them.
The jobs on the right continue to update and that is a good sign that all of these things are indeed
wired up.
So congratulations.
We've now built three different filters by which the user can filter the jobs in the right by degrees,
job types and organizations, and notice that the entire app is reacting to all of those choices.
We're not limiting the user to just one.
They can apply as many filters as they want.
They can, of course, collapse it on, collapse it, show the values that they previously selected
were storing all of that state globally in the store state, every component, every UCS, store, mutation
getter, piece of state, composable, function, etc., etc. is perfectly tested and also written in
TypeScript.
All right.
So we've done quite a lot.
So big round of applause to us and congratulations to you as well for sticking through this.
We have built a complete new feature for our app in TypeScript.
All right.
So with that and the very next lesson, we can wrap up everything we learned in this section.
I'll see you there.